Update HTML docs with Azure Linux Setup Page contents (#6891)
microsoft/CCF: doc/contribute/build_setup.rst

.. _`Visual Studio Code`: https://code.visualstudio.com/
.. _`Remote Container`: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers

> Develor for Azure Linux OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Develop for Azure Linux OS
```

--------------------------

Setting up Azure Linux VM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> See the official Azure Linux documentation for developers for details: `Azure Linux VMs in Azure | Mariner OS <https://eng.ms/docs/products/azure-linux/gettingstarted/azurevm/azurevm>`_.

Reviewer: That does not seem like a public link, so I don't think we should include it here.

In short, there's no possibility to choose an image in UI, so the CLI steps required to get an Azure Linux based VM in Microsoft Azure are

.. code-block:: bash

    az group create --name [GROUP_NAME] --location eastus2
    az vm create --name [VM-NAME] --resource-group [GROUP_NAME] --image MicrosoftCBLMariner:azure-linux-3:azure-linux-3:latest --admin-username [USERNAME] --ssh-key-values C:\Users\[USERNAME\.ssh\[KEY].pub --os-disk-size-gb 512

Afterwards, go to your VM and select a proper RAM and CPU profile. I you don't know which one you want, select `Standard D16s v3` (64 RAM and 16 CPU cores).

Then select a proper network security group and rules to use your VM. Refer to other VMs you have and reuse the same group if you have doubts.

How to install docker
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Currently the only sensible way we've found is downloading binaries: https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/binaries/#install-daemon-and-client-binaries-on-linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download binaries from: https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/binaries/#install-daemon-and-client-binaries-on-linux.
```
